docs/index.rst, before:

Welcome to IRC Hooky!
=====================

IRC Hooky makes it easy to send custom webhook-triggered notifications to IRC
using an entirely serverless architecture.

Using a combination of `AWS Lambda`__ and `API Gateway`__, listening for and
delivering webhooks could cost pennies per month compared to an actual server
and all the maintenance that comes with it.

The Lambda and API Gateway **pay-only-for-what-you-use** model seems to fit
perfectly for this use case!

__ https://aws.amazon.com/lambda
__ https://aws.amazon.com/api-gateway

Features
--------

- :doc:`GitHub webhook events <github>`
- :doc:`Hashicorp Atlas notifications <atlas>`

More Info
---------

This website covers the project information for IRC Hooky such as installation,
development, and so forth.

Please use `GitHub Issues`__ for filing bug or feature requests, and `Pull
Requests`__ for submitting code patches.

__ https://github.com/marvinpinto/irc-hooky/issues
__ https://github.com/marvinpinto/irc-hooky/pulls

----

Have a look through the left sidebar to get started, and thank you for checking
this out!

.. toctree::
   :hidden:
   :maxdepth: 2

   overview
   deployment
   github
   atlas
   faq

Commit message:

Allow folks to kick the tires of IRC Hooky without having to set it up themselves

docs/index.rst, after:

Welcome to IRC Hooky!
=====================

IRC Hooky makes it easy to send custom webhook-triggered notifications to IRC
using an entirely serverless architecture.

Using a combination of `AWS Lambda`__ and `API Gateway`__, listening for and
delivering webhooks could cost pennies per month compared to an actual server
and all the maintenance that comes with it.

The Lambda and API Gateway **pay-only-for-what-you-use** model seems to fit
perfectly for this use case!

__ https://aws.amazon.com/lambda
__ https://aws.amazon.com/api-gateway

Features
--------

- :doc:`GitHub webhook events <github>`
- :doc:`Hashicorp Atlas notifications <atlas>`

More Info
---------

This website covers the project information for IRC Hooky such as installation,
development, and so forth. If you would like to kick the tires without setting
up yourself, it has already been set up for you to try. Have a read through
:doc:`demo <demo>`.

Please use `GitHub Issues`__ for filing bug or feature requests, and `Pull
Requests`__ for submitting code patches.

__ https://github.com/marvinpinto/irc-hooky/issues
__ https://github.com/marvinpinto/irc-hooky/pulls

----

Have a look through the left sidebar to get started, and thank you for checking
this out!

.. toctree::
   :hidden:
   :maxdepth: 2

   overview
   demo
   deployment
   github
   atlas
   faq
